[Doc] Additional explanation on data layout (#6079)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/basic/layout.md

x = ti.field(ti.f32, shape=(3, 4))
```

You can also nest two 1D `dense` statements to describe a 2D array of the same shape.

```python {1-2}
x = ti.field(ti.f32)
ti.root.dense(ti.i, 3).dense(ti.j, 4).place(x)
# has the same shape with
x = ti.field(ti.f32, shape=(3,4))
```

:::note

> The above 2D array built with nested `dense` statements is **NOT** equivalent to the 2D array built with `ti.field`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above 2D array built with nested `dense` statements is *not* equivalent to the 2D array built with `ti.field`.
```
Using bold is like you are yelling at your audience.

> Although those statements both result in a 2D array of the same shape, they have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although both statements result in a 2D array of the same shape, they have
```

> different layers of `SNodeTree`. Namely,

Reviewer: Namely -> In other words?

> ```ptyhon

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

x = ti.field(ti.f32)
ti.root.dense(ti.i, 3).dense(ti.j, 4).place(x)
```

> has two layers of `SNodeTree` below the root, while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has two `SNodeTree` layers below the root;
```

```python
x = ti.field(ti.f32)
ti.root.dense(ti.ij, (3, 4)).place(x)
# or equivalently
x = ti.field(ti.f32, shape=(3,4))
```

> only has one layer of `SNodeTree` below the root. See the sketch below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has only one `SNodeTree` layer below the root. See the sketch below:
```

> <img width="683" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-16 at 10 38 39" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2747993/190545525-305563dc-d09e-4af2-b99b-166d5c4398d0.png">

Reviewer: Docusaurus does not support this html tag. Use markdown instead.

Author: OK! Please see my latest commit.

> The difference here is subtle for users because the two arrays are both row-major, but minor performance difference might apply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference here is subtle because both arrays are row-major, but it may have slight performance impact
```

> The difference here is subtle for users since the two arrays are both row-major, but minor performance difference might apply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference here is subtle for users because the two arrays are both row-major, but minor performance difference might apply
```

> because the overhead of calculating `SNodeTree` index is different for the two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because the overhead of calculating the `SNodeTree` index is different for the two.
```
